# Poodle: The Decision Maker
=========

## Project Description

Poodle is an app that helps you and your friends make planning easier!
Create a poll, send a link to your friends and simply receive updates via email.
Poodle! It's like Doodle, but without the copyright infringement.


## Getting Started

1. Create the `.env` by using `.env.example` as a reference: `cp .env.example .env`
2. Update the .env file with your correct local information 
3. Install dependencies: `npm i`
4. Fix to binaries for sass: `npm rebuild node-sass`
5. Reset database: `npm run db:reset`
  - Check the db folder to see what gets created and seeded in the SDB
7. Run the server: `npm run local`
  - Note: nodemon is used, so you should not have to restart your server
8. Visit `http://localhost:8080/`

## Warnings & Tips

- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples. 
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds. 
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database. 
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.

## Dependencies

- Node 10.x or above
- NPM 5.x or above
- PG 6.x

### Additional dependencies

- Bootstrap ^5.1.3
- Chalk ^2.4.2
- Dotenv ^2.0.0
- ejs ^2.6.2
- Express ^4.17.1
- Mailgun-js ^0.22.0
- Morgan ^1.9.1
- PG-native ^3.0.0
- SASS ^1.35.1
